Hosting tip number 10 this is the virtual assistant trick.
This one's a little bit farther out there.
This might be something that you guys really want to just absolutely rock the experience is something
and play around with.
There are all of you to me courses that talk about virtual assistants and what you can do with them
and how cheap they are.
So it's something that I've had some experience with before in the past I've used them to compile any
type of basic data that I need or help you get through your email and you can get them that you know
research thing make make appointments all sorts of stuff like that.
Hopefully you have some kind of familiarity with this but you might think yourself how can I apply this
Air B and B there's a lot of ways playas to your hosting experience.
I'm only going to talk about one real quick.
What I did and I did this during the summer when I was out of the country and I knew that you know I
had over the course of the summer many 35 groups something like that.
So what I ended up doing was hiring a virtual assistant and all they did was compile some list of events
and then actual times when the person was checking and or during the reservation text their numbers
and say Here are some events and now that you can have them e-mail it you could have them text it and
it's so easy to find like what are 10 events this week going on in San Francisco.
Very easy to find 10 events so you can even narrow it down to two or three or four.
San Francisco is a big city there's always something going on and that's always something that's cool
that the guests you know they don't know what's happening.
They don't know that they might have come during like the Gay Pride Parade which is a big deal in San
Francisco or any of the goofier things we do like the beta breaker's marathon which is really popular
or you know America's Cup was going on.
There's a lot of stuff happening.
And any city is going to have stuff happening.
That was really really simple.
All I did was spend a couple hours just writing down what the events are for the month.
And I sent them the schedule and I sent on the phone numbers and I was done and I told them text them
three or four.
And here's the text you send them.
And I was literally at I mean the entire thing probably cost me $40 a month it just wasn't much at all
and it's really just a nice little feature on top of it.
I had no control of the process at all.
I just told them you know go and look for events.
Here's a web site you can find it.
I was using like Thrillist puts a lot of events and event bright will make a.
They have a feed that shows all of the popular events happening in San Francisco.
You can totally get into this you can tailor a chair your guests need like you can tell what their interests
are and tailor it that way or you just pick the top two or three whether or not people even went to
them.
Does it really matter.
Had some people come back and say you know we went to this event.
Thanks for giving us the heads up on it.
It's just a nice little thing you can do.
There's tons of things I think you could do with virtual assistance around host experience and maintenance
and ordering the right supplies.
We'll leave it up to you guys and you guys can come up with some better ideas how to handle this.
But that's one way that I used it.
If you're not familiar and you can use oDesk dotcom or freelancer dotcom you don't need someone who
is in the United States to do this.
I just knew someone in India they worked out perfectly fine.
Honestly this whole process took me maybe maybe an hour and I did this in May.
And you know it's still going now.
You guys have any questions you have any ideas for it.
You know I mean you go any more in depth on it.
Just let me know.
But it's something you should play around with virtual.